Detailed the description to enable easy setup (#4038)
mattermost/docs: README.md

The quickest way to begin is editing directly on GitHub on your fork of the Mattermost docs repo. Click the **Edit** icon on the top right corner of the page you want to edit in the Mattermost documentation.

> If this is the first time you're contributing, follow the steps: 

Reviewer: Consider changing "follow the steps:" to "follow _these_ steps:"

Author: Sure, updated.

> 1. Select **Fork** in the top-right corner of the GitHub page to fork the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Fork** in the top-right corner of the GitHub page to fork the repository.
```

> 1. Fork the repo by clicking on <a href="https://github.com/mattermost/docs/fork?fragment=1"><kbd><b>Fork</b></kbd></a> button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **Fork** in the top-right corner of the GitHub page to fork the repo.
```

> 2. Navigate to file you want to edit and select the pencil icon (**Edit the file**) to open the editing interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to file you want to edit, and select the Pencil icon (**Edit the file**) to open the editing interface.
```

> 2. Navigate to file you would like to change and Click **Edit the file** (pencil icon) on the top right corner to start editing in Github UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to file you want to edit and select the pencil icon (**Edit the file**) to open the editing interface.
```

## Building and Validating

> If you've downloaded the repo and are editing Mattermost documentation on your local machine, you can generate the HTML files from markdown in the `/source` directory. You can review them before you commit changes or create pull requests.

Reviewer 2: This is really helpful, thank you! I really appreciate having some detailed steps around this process. 

However, IIRC, installing pip on macOS requires a different command and/or can be installed using Homebrew which is painless. Is it possible to confirm that these steps have been performed and validated on Linux, macOS, and Windows? If not, one option is to separate the three OSs and have individual processes for them.

Author: Hi @justinegeffen 
This steps are working on Windows and Linux. Yes, for Mac `HomeBrew` comes to rescue.
Nevertheless, rest of the followed commands remains unchanged.

`NOTE: Commands are to be executed on Linux, Mac, and Windows(using Powershell)`

1. Download the Mattermost docs repo onto a machine with Python installed or simple cloned the forked copy of this repo by running,
```sh

> $ git clone https://github.com/Your_Username/docs.git

Reviewer 2: What would be the difference between cloning the docs repo and cloning your fork? The two URLs are different so if both options are provided it might be a consideration to provide the docs repo URL (https://github.com/mattermost/docs.git).

Author: Sure, updating to as recomended.
Thanks

## Building and Validating

If you've downloaded the repo and are editing Mattermost documentation on your local machine, you can generate the HTML files from markdown in the `/source` directory. You can review them before you commit changes or create pull requests.

> `NOTE: Commands are to be executed on Linux, Mac, and Windows(using Powershell)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Commands can be executed on Linux, Mac, and Windows (using Powershell)
```

Author: Updated !

> 1. Download the Mattermost docs repo onto a machine with Python installed or simple cloned the forked copy of this repo by running,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Clone the forked copy of the docs repo by running:
```

Author: Updated !

```sh

> $ git clone https://github.com/mattermost/docs.git

Reviewer: Including $ characters at the beginning of CLI entries may suggest to the reader that the $ is required (when it's not). I recommend removing these instances for clarity.

Author: I think whever we open a tereminal we have these symbols that could help people understand that we need to run exactly these commands. 
Not sure if we need to remove these.

Reviewer: @justinegeffen - I'd like your perspective on this.

Reviewer 2: We don't specify this in the style guide so I am 0/5 on which we want to go with provided we pick one and then apply it consistently.

Reviewer: If our goal is to provide command line entries that can be easily copied and pasted directly from docs to a terminal, I recommend that we remove them to avoid cases where the coped commands include the command prompt symbol. 

Further, because the command prompt symbol is often configurable, different users may see different symbols than what is documented. I'm 3/5 for removing the symbols and including this rationale in the Style Guide for omitting them in documented commands.

Author: Hi @cwarnermm and @justinegeffen 
I think we are then moving forward with removing the `$` symbol. Thanks for the feedbacks.

```

> 2. Install [pipenv](https://docs.pipenv.org/) by following command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Install [pipenv](https://docs.pipenv.org/) using:
```

Reviewer 2: Does this need to be installed within the cloned repo or anywhere on one's computer?

Author: It can be installed anywhere, as what I did.

```sh

> $ brew install pipenv   (for Mac users, if you have brew installed)

Reviewer: To ensure clarity, reference "brew" as "Homebrew".

In addition, consider moving the platform/operating system references from the end of the sentence to the beginning to make them more prominent/visible.

Author: Sure, updated.

> $ brew install pipenv   # for Mac users, if you have brew installed)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ brew install pipenv (macOS)
```

Author: I think of overriding this suggestion and keeping the change, as this will help people to gain more clarity on what commands.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, @helios1101! That's a good point. How about something like: "(if you don't have Homebrew installed, download it here") or similar?

```
```python

> $ pip install pipenv # for other operating systems)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ pip install pipenv (for other operating systems)
```

> $ pip install pipenv # for all others

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ pip install pipenv (other operating systems)
```

Author: Updated. Thanks :)

```

> 3. Navigate into the cloned repository by following command,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Navigate into the cloned repository:
```

Reviewer 2: Should we also include steps around how to find the built files using Finder/Explorer? Or does this step allow the contributor to select a file and view in a browser?

Author: I think this was enough to navigate, as changing directory by `cd` is what is the correct expectations.

```sh
$ cd docs
```
4. Install the required packages by running
```python
$ pipenv install
```
5. Build the doc set using `make html`. This generates files in `/build` directory.
6. Navigate to the `/build` directory to preview the page/s you've edited, by runnning 
```sh
$ cd /build

> ```

Author: Not sure, but I personally feel navgating in `build` directory should suffice. In-case you insist I can add `run index.html`

> ```

Reviewer: @justinegeffen - I'd love to hear your thoughts on this!

> ```

Reviewer 2: I've never used that command actually! I use `make html` and then open a file from the docs > build directory to view in a browser. How does `run index.html` work in relation to that?

> ```

Reviewer: Once you've built the documentation set, you review the documentation by running the `index.html` file in a browser to open the full documentation set and review your changes. 

If we agree that our target audiences understand how to run the doc set by running `index.html`, then I'm 3/5 for leaving this level of detail out. However, if including this level of detail helps lower the barrier to entry for more documentation contributors, I'm 4/5 for including it.

> ```

Author: Hi @cwarnermm and @justinegeffen 
I personally feel this level of detail will suffice. Hence, overriding this change.

## Building and Validating

> If you've downloaded the repo and are editing Mattermost documentation on your local machine, you can generate the HTML files from markdown in the `/source` directory. You can review them before you commit changes or create pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've downloaded the repository and are editing Mattermost documentation on your local machine, you can generate the HTML files from markdown in the `/source` directory. You can review your changes before you commit them or create pull requests.
```

> **Note:** Commands can be executed on Linux, Mac, and Windows (using Powershell)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Commands can be executed on Linux, Mac, and Windows (using Powershell).
```

> 1. Open a terminal window and clone the forked copy of the docs repo by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a terminal window, and clone the forked copy of the documentation repository by running the following command:
```

> 1. Open a terminal window, and clone the forked copy of the documentation repository by running the following command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a terminal window, then clone a forked copy of the documentation repository by running the following command:
```

```sh
git clone https://github.com/mattermost/docs.git
```

> 2. Install [pipenv](https://docs.pipenv.org/) by using:     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install [pipenv](https://docs.pipenv.org/) by using one of the following commands:     
```

> 2. Install [pipenv](https://docs.pipenv.org/) by using one of the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install [pipenv](https://docs.pipenv.org/) by using one of the following commands based on your operating system:
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: @justinegeffen - do we need preceding spaces in order for the code-formatted examples to display correctly? If so, will impact the following steps below as well.

Reviewer 2: I'll confirm.

Reviewer 2: No, it looks like it displays as expected without them.

> -> for Mac users, if you have Homebrew installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Mac users where Homebrew is installed:
```

```sh
brew install pipenv  
```

> -> for other operating systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other operating systems:
```

```python
pip install pipenv 
```

> 3. Open your terminal and navigate into the cloned repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open your terminal, and navigate into the cloned repository:
```

```sh
cd docs
```

> 4. Install the required packages by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Install the required packages by running the following command:
```

> 3. Open your terminal, and navigate into the cloned repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the terminal window, navigate into the cloned repository:
```

```python
pipenv install
```

> 5. Build the doc set using `make html`. This generates files in `/build` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Build the documentation set using `make html`. This generates files in `/build` directory.
```

> 6. Navigate to the `/build` directory to preview the page/s you've edited, by runnning 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Navigate to the `/build` directory to preview your changes by running the following command:
```
